Lesson restructure (#24)
modular/max-llm-book: book/src/step_04.md

transformation that maps `[batch, seq_length, 768]` to
`[batch, seq_length, 768]`. This lets the model mix information across heads,
combining the different perspectives each head learned.

The layer names `c_attn` (combined Q/K/V projection) and `c_proj` (output
projection) match Hugging Face's GPT-2 implementation. This naming is essential
for loading pretrained weights.

<div class="note">

<div class="title">MAX operations</div>

You'll use the following MAX operations to complete this task:

**Linear layers**:

- [`Linear(in_features, out_features, bias=True)`](https://docs.modular.com/max/api/python/nn/module_v3#max.nn.module_v3.Linear): Q/K/V and output projections

**Tensor operations**:

- `tensor.reshape(new_shape)`: Splits or merges head dimension
- `tensor.transpose(axis1, axis2)`: Rearranges dimensions for parallel attention
- [`F.split(tensor, split_sizes, axis)`](https://docs.modular.com/max/api/python/experimental/functional#max.experimental.functional.split): Divides Q/K/V from combined projection

</div>

## Implementing multi-head attention

You'll create the `GPT2MultiHeadAttention` class with helper methods for splitting and merging heads.

> First, import the required modules. You'll need `math` for scaling, `functional as F` for operations, `Tensor` for type hints, device and dtype utilities, and `Linear` and `Module` from MAX's neural network module. You'll also reuse the `causal_mask` function from Step 02.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, import the required modules. You'll need `math` for scaling, `functional
as F` for operations, `Tensor` for type hints, `device` and `dtype` utilities, and
`Linear` and `Module` from MAX's neural network module. You'll also need the
`causal_mask()` function created in step 3.
```
